Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Forget your life out there.
Forget who you are
or what you'll be again tomorrow.
And be merry here
at the Lost Paradise.
The place for those who know how to love.
No, I can't believe
What happened
It was just a dream of mine
Nothing is really over
No, it is not possible
I can't live without you
Come back and see
All in me has changed
LOST PARADISE
I can no longer live inside myself
And... And living like that
It's almost like dying
Come to me and tell me, smiling
That you were just kidding
And that it is still mine
Just mine your love
Stop, stop, stop!
Turn off the engine.
Remove your helmet.
Are you in a hurry, gentleman?
No, not really.
Do you like music?
Come see me in my show.
You are my guest.
LOST PARADISE
LIVE MUSIC
- Go. Go on.
- Thanks.
Slow down, okay?
Come to me and tell me, smiling
That you were just kidding
And that it is still mine
Just mine
Your love
Oh, love
Imã! Imã! Pepe!
Police!
Police! Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Calm down.
It's okay.
A hero. Who are you?
Do you live around here?
Did you see my shoe heel?
Here it is.
This feels like a movie.
- How old are you?
- Twenty.
Don't worry.
- I'm a happy person.
- Imã!
Listen to that!
He loves me!
Imã.
LOST PARADISE
I'm gonna climb your entire body
How someone climbs the tallest mountain
And then I'll really scream it out loud
The pleasure of this great feat
Sometimes your body shivers
When I climb just a little higher
But none of that will really stop me
Or make me backtrack
I feel that
I'm already reaching the summit
On this incredible mountain of love
That was never ascended before
That's why I feel like a winner
And I continue the long climb
Seeking pleasure in other arms
And I feel that I'll soon be ready
To finally possess you
Thank you, everyone.
Now Teylor with "Sweet Sin."
You were the truth
And the happiness
That I wanted
You were much more
You were the peace
That I did not know
My sweet sin
My daydream
My delight
You were my craziness
My tenderness
My fantasy
You seem surprised.
No, just curious.
That's my first time here.
Welcome to Paradise.
I haven't introduced myself. José.
Odair.
Thank you so much for helping Imã.
That was my duty.
- I am--
- An angel.
I'm a police officer.
A guardian angel, then.
No.
- I'm no angel.
- Why did you choose to be a policeman?
- It was either that or a thug.
- Or a priest.
- Are you religious?
- Not even facing death.
Odair?
Would you like to work for me?
A freelance job at night.
What kind of work would that be?
Protect Imã.
She's like a son to me.
And I let myself go
For your sweet kiss
For its flavor
By your crazy way
Of provoking me
And making love to me
Hey!
I'm glad you came.
Did you like my song?
Yeah, I like Reginaldo Rossi.
You even know the song.
From my mom.
- She was a singer.
- Was?
Why? Did she die?
No.
- She became deaf.
- Damn.
Come with me, Odair.
- Excuse me.
- Sure.
Imã...
we need the description of the first guy
who assaulted you.
I saw you were on the floor
when the motorbike arrived.
It was all so fast.
Did he say anything before he hit you?
Nothing.
- No name calling?
- No.
Was he bigger than you?
- Shorter.
- Skin color?
Fair.
Hair color?
Bald.
Are you sure?
- Absolutely sure, ma'am?
- Not ma'am.
Man.
It may not look like,
but I love being a man.
Can I help you with anything?
Sorry to invade like this.
I was hired as Imã's bodyguard.
It was my father who hired you.
- José is your father?
- Yes. And Imã's grandfather.
My nephew.
Oh!
Nice meeting you. Ângelo.
- Odair.
- Odair?
Yeah.
Odair.
Nice.
Nice meeting you.
- May I check your bathroom?
- Of course.
Excuse me.
All this time
That I have not seen you
With all this longing
That I felt about you
You do not see, do not see, do not see
That I have a lot of love
Here inside my chest
To deliver to you
But I feel so shy
You do not see, do not see, do not see
- Three o'clock in the morning!
- Turn that sound down!
- Turn it down, for Christ's sake!
- Are you nuts?
- What the hell, dude?
- Hey!
- It's no use, she can't hear.
- Oh, really?
- And she's playing that song for us?
- He's a cop.
- He does whatever he wants here!
- Ridiculous! It's every night, now?
To say, say, say
I love you, I want you
I cannot live alone anymore
It's no use trying to forget you
Meeting someone else
I'll go and I'll sweep you forever
One way or another
And never again I'll let you go
Away from me
You are so late.
A singer was assaulted.
His grandfather hired me
to be his grandson's bodyguard.
What type of music?
Reginaldo Rossi.
Márcio Greyck.
I knew you were gonna love it.
Is there any female singer in the family?
No woman until now.
Today someone started spinning
AYMORE
COOKIES
An album by Gardel
In the apartment next to mine
How sad was that
It was a beautiful past
My youth coming off the wall
To let me know
That I should feel gloomy
My life is really peaceful these days
With a tango within my soul
An old story of a love
That in time was forgotten
Waiter, put some beer
On the table
Bandoneon play again
About Teresa
That tonight she will be mine
And she's going to dance
So I can dream
That's so beautiful, uncle!
I can already imagine
you divinely singing this song.
But this song was written for a lady,
uncle. It's for Teresa.
And can't you imagine yourself loving
a woman?
Hardly!
- Angela Maria was able.
- Ouch...
What is it? Does it hurt?
Only when I laugh, uncle.
So, keep smiling even if it hurts.
Your mom says your strength
comes from there.
Never let anyone kill that smile.
- I miss her so much.
- Yeah, we all do.
I count the days for her to be back.
And another thing...
People don't hate you for what you are,
but for what they cannot be.
- Don't forget that.
- I don't, uncle.
Now, if all the papers showed
pictures and everything--
If it read: "Two homophobic men arrested
for assaulting transvestite singer."
- That I would love to see. That I would!
- Forget that, Imã. Come here.
Hold your uncle tight and let's dance.
Squeeze!
It seems to tell me
That the night got old
And that's time to remember
Now, only the girl goes. Turn around.
And to weep
Next.
I want to schedule an abortion.
A procedure.
That's it.
Three thousand reais in cash,
and you should be accompanied
by someone older than 18.
Eighteen?
I can schedule for tomorrow or--
Let me see here--
For ten days from today.
When would you like?
- In ten days.
- Okay.
How long will you be pregnant then?
Two and a half months.
Are you sure?
About the procedure?
No, the time of the pregnancy.
Yes. Yes, I am.
Your name?
Celeste da Silva.
Age?
Thirty years old.
Aunt, it's me, Celeste.
Celeste!
My goodness!
You are so beautiful!
You look like your dad.
Was it Imã who brought you here?
No, Imã woke up
with a lot pain in the jaw.
- Maybe her wisdom teeth, right?
- Yeah.
Yes. It is probably the wisdom teeth.
And you?
Tell me, what do you do?
Events.
Rich people's stuff, you know?
They hire me to prettify the parties
they run for the clients.
Prettify you mean--
You are a call-girl?
No, aunt!
It may seem odd,
but I'm paid just to smile at them.
- Just a pretty face there.
- That's a good job.
Yeah.
I can't complain.
But it is hard to smile
when I really want to cry.
Who hurt you, Celeste?
My boyfriend. My ex, he--
Cheated on you?
A scumbag.
Aunt, is it true that you were pregnant
when all that happened?
Yes.
I was seven months pregnant with Imã.
Weren't you afraid of risking his life?
I risked my own life to save his.
To protect him against his dad.
Imã was born in prison, but he was born.
It was mother's instinct.
I wouldn't waste my life
here in this prison for any man.
You hear me?
Dear audience, good evening.
Somebody said
that when an artist feels the need
to explain their art...
Somebody said
that when an artist feels the need
to explain their art to the spectators
one of them is an ass.
I've never been so sure of myself
When I chose him
To be the love of my life
It is not possible that
My heart can be beguiled
What it feels
It's positively love
This is jealousy
Fruit from some misfortune
From unfortunate ones
Whom love did not know
I'm pregnant.
If God wanted this man--
He would not have indicated me
As a gift of his own
I need money for an abortion.
A passion can be seen
By the eyes
You'd be a beautiful mom.
Of that someone
That brings an inner glow
Our love is mutual
I don't want to be a single mom.
We are deaf
To the false snitch
Our life is so complete
So harmonious
I need to go with someone over 18.
That does not allow
Our love to die
If I listened
To all those evil rumors
Can you go with me?
My life instead of whole
Would be empty and without you
I can be the dad.
If I listened
To those evil rumors
Granddad was our mom.
Together we can raise this kid.
My life instead of whole
Would be empty and without you
Bravo!
Imã.
- Whose song was that?
- From Raul Seixas.
I didn't know. It is different.
Imã...
why were you using sign language?
- How did you learn that?
- With Xuxa, don't you remember?
A for all, B for baby
C for cuddle
- That's funny.
- Here we listen to everything
and that became our secret language.
Mine and Kinswoman's.
- Kinswoman?
- Yeah. Celeste is my cousin,
daughter of uncle Ângelo.
- Ângelo's?
- Why the surprise?
No, nothing.
It's...
just that your cousin should be careful
with those underground clinics.
- It is dangerous.
- Did you watch Xuxa too?
No!
I didn't watch Xuxa.
It's my mom, she cannot hear.
That's why you are like that, then.
Watchful.
Yes, for that too. Imã...
If you need anything, any help,
just let me know.
- You swear?
- I don't know how to swear, Imã.
Excuse me.
Odair?
Send your mom a kiss.
Thank you.
Dreaming of you
Throughout my life
My love
To be your darling
To live
Only thinking of you
Live to love you
Be only yours
Eternally
This is
My greatest desire
Take your hands
Shut your voice
In a long kiss
Your daughter is a princess!
I have a crush on her.
With all due respect, of course.
She's a serious girl.
We have to be serious.
But she's something. She's something.
You know you have my blessings, right?
You're my bro.
But then again...
It's just a crush.
Nothing is gonna happen,
she doesn't want me.
Yeah, her heart belongs
to somebody else already.
Soft heart like her dad's.
What is it?
That story about Xuxa is hysterical.
I thought so too.
How about the cross-dresser singer?
Did he get better?
Yes, he's singing again.
And sang what?
"I Was Never More Sure of Myself."
Do you know it?
Of course. Núbia recorded it.
It became an inspiration to me.
She also recorded "Shelter and Food".
It became like an anthem
for all cheated women.
The cousin girl should sing that song.
Cool. I'll suggest that.
I'm glad you're here.
But that sad face is not good.
The thought of becoming a mom...
- It is scary indeed.
- It is?
It sure is.
It is a rad experience.
Maybe the most radical experience of all.
But later you'll be fine, really fine.
Self-assured, empowered.
It is the hormones, right?
Right. Did you tell your dad
or your grandfather?
No, just Imã knows.
Aunt, how...
How old were you when grandma died?
It is hard to tell when she died.
We never knew for sure.
She was arrested and then disappeared.
- Just like mine.
- No way, Celeste! That's bullshit!
The dictatorship made my mother vanish.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what is worse!
- At least you know the reason.
- Don't judge your mom, Celeste.
Each person has their story, their pain.
Your granddad, for instance.
Left an academic career
to isolate himself in that bar.
Never got over the loss
of the love of his life.
Something happened to your mom.
I'm positive.
Do you remember her?
She was like an incandescent sun.
Pure passion, pure life.
She could only live intensely.
- Celeste? Are you okay?
- I'm just... I'm just a little dizzy.
Calm down and breath.
No, Celeste!
Guard! Somebody help!
All my stuff
Became sad all of a sudden
They understood
That there is nothing
Nothing else between the two of us
My guitar fell off the top
Of that old closet
Odair, you cuckold!
Hushing for good my own voice
Son of a bitch.
My overcoat
Got so used to you
It missed you so much
That it faded from all the sadness
If I knew
That one day I would lose you
I would not have let all my things
Get accustomed to you
Even my car
Has lost all its speed
You took so long today.
But I was dying to see you.
I have something to tell you.
But I don't know how you'll react--
You are going to be a grandmother!
Our daughter is pregnant!
Pardon me, Mr. Ângelo.
They will announce you on stage
in a few minutes.
All right.
Sorry, but...
The other day I saw it on your mirror.
It's a beautiful girl
the one on that picture.
Thank you.
Is she your girlfriend?
She's the woman of my life.
I can understand.
I gotta go.
Nothing
Nothing else matters now
You went away
And I was left alone
I move on
Not knowing my direction
I don't get used to
Being without you
What's the use of having
Everything in life
What's the use of the beauty of a flower
If I don't have your affection anymore
MY BAD.
PEDRO 98299-9897
If I do not feel your warmth anymore
Today
"YOUR BAD" WAS GOOD.
I'm so free
I can
Love whoever I want
However
Nothing interests me
Even if you offer
The world at my feet
What's the use of having
Everything in life
What's the use of the beauty of a flower
If I do not have your affection anymore
If you say no, I'll kill you.
I shouldn't have come.
I'm gonna kick that guy's ass.
Forget the leading man
and focus on the baby.
- What? Baby?
- Yeah.
Kinswoman is pregnant.
She's hurt and confused.
So, you'll have to be quick, prince,
if you want to give birth.
- Hey!
- What the hell, bro?
- Get out, dude!
- You should get out, Joca!
- Who do you think you are?
- I'm the father of her baby!
- Tell me that is not true.
- He's crazy, Teylor.
Celeste, you know I can't live
without you.
- Tell me the truth, no matter what!
- Grant his wish.
I'll say a thousand times.
This son is yours, my love.
- Gross! I don't believe it!
- What? Do you want a statement?
This is a peaceful place!
Hey, they are fighting here!
Joca! Stop that! What are you doing?
Stop that, Joca!
- What is this? What is this, Teylor?
- Sorry, peeps.
It was just a family quarrel.
It's all good.
My daughter, she's pregnant.
- Hey, show me your paid tab.
- I need a smoke.
- There's a place in there.
- Can't I go out?
- No.
- He's with me, Pepe.
- He won't leave without paying.
- Thanks.
- Did you need all that?
- Get in there!
Keep your cool, son.
You stay there.
Sit down, son.
I'm sorry, Mr. José,
but she was all over the guy--
Sit down, I wanna talk to you!
Pregnant from another guy.
Now you'll have to prove
that you love my daughter!
- But I do!
- Prove it!
What do you mean, was I too subtle?
- Is that it?
- Look,
what I am saying is that you'll have
to convince her of your feelings.
In case you wanna save the family
that is about to be born.
- Is it because of my cheating?
- Boy...
Is that it?
Because you left her, Joca.
You have to understand that
that's my granddaughter's story.
Are you okay?
Better, impossible.
That's good.
E Teylor?
Glad with his triumphal performance.
When are you bringing
your mom?
I'm getting her ready for that.
What do you mean?
My mom hasn't come out of the house
for years, Celeste.
Really? Why?
Fear. Fear paralyzed her life
after she...
After she became deaf.
Wow, how sad.
How does she do?
She crochets.
Awesome!
Your heel.
I'm feeling like Cinderella.
- And I, Lady Tremaine.
- Lady--
The Wicked Stepmother.
I'm sorry, okay?
You can't go out
without letting me know.
Forgive me.
No, forgive me.
No, you are right.
I should not have left like that.
- Just wise up.
- It's just a cigarette.
Okay then, take your time.
You know, for a second
I almost believed it.
Me too.
Do you think I have any chance?
Teylor.
If I can nail my audition in the theater.
What do you think?
You just tricked me again.
You will nail it, I'm sure.
Sorry, I got held back.
Can you order a Coke for me?
You...
You thought I was gonna come dressed up--
Jeez.
I knew I was gonna find you here.
Yes. I'm here watching the stars.
Maybe they tell me what to do.
What is right.
Oh, they never tell you anything, dear.
Much less a moral lesson.
Don't you repeat my mistake.
For a silly betrayal, I--
I ended it all.
I removed your mom from our lives.
Yeah...
But she went away
and could care less about us.
She disappeared and never came back.
Yes, but if I could find her now,
I would--
I would tell her how much I love her.
You say that now.
But at the time you didn't forgive her.
Why should I forgive Joca?
Because he loves you,
and because you are a woman.
And because, we, men, are stupid
and you are not.
Dream on.
Sometimes I wish to run away from it all.
Get in a car and disappear.
Things are going by slowly.
Time gets shorter.
Life flies, time flies.
I am at 80 mph.
Images get blurry.
I'm running away from myself.
Running away from the past.
From my haunted world.
From sadness, from doubt.
I'm at 90 mph.
Running away from you.
I'll move through life
Not caring if I'll arrive
Nothing's gonna change my route
Or bring me back here
I live running away
Without any destination
I follow paths that lead
Lead me nowhere
I travel
I fly though life
Not caring if I'll arrive
Nothing's gonna change my route
Or bring me back here
I live running away
Without any destination
I follow paths that lead
Lead me nowhere
I'm not so sure of where I'll go
Or when I'll stop
No, I don't leave footprints
Any news?
So I won't know how to return
The singer's wife is really beautiful.
Sometimes
It feels like the world
Forgot about me
She is the love of his life.
He only thinks of her.
No
That's beautiful.
You're gonna love that family.
I already do.
I don't know for how long
I'll live like that
Sometimes
Sometimes it feels like the world
Forgot about me
Hello?
Yes.
Oh, I was waiting for your call.
So?
How was it?
We got it?
Dad!
Sis!
I missed you so bad.
There were days I could not sleep...
thinking of the loneliness
in that prison cell.
Yes.
In the beginning I thought
I was going to die.
But would you believe...
that even inside that prison,
in that world without men,
I loved and was loved?
Are you kidding?
That's why you look so good!
Really? Do I look good?
Beautiful?
- And what was her name?
- Not was, is. Milene.
Milene.
Now that she's locked in there,
what are you gonna do?
She won't be there for long.
I'll get her out of there.
Milene is innocent.
Sis?
Mark my words.
You're crazy.
How about you?
You never fell in love again?
With someone inferior?
My brother!
I'll find Nadia one day.
Mark my words.
Even if she's eating this hateful dirt,
I'll find Nadia!
Let me tell you tenderly
Whatever I want
Let me hold you with madness
Until I suffocate you
Let me be your shadow
Wherever you go
To reflect on the floor that you step on
The image of this love
Let me relax on your body
My weariness
Shelter myself from the cold
In the heat of your embrace
Let me kill you
With pleasure
Drive me crazy
Let me quench my thirst
In your mouth
But if none of that entices you
Hey.
Your sister is something, huh?
You want to be in the family, right?
Oh, I don't have anybody.
Keep quiet
Don't say a word
We missed you.
But you got along fine.
No lack of love.
- Right. No lack of love.
- I knew you would be loved.
Yeah.
You sing so beautifully, son.
It's a different way of singing.
I don't know, tragic.
- It reminded me of Nadia.
- Celeste's mom?
Yes, she used to sing like that.
Like if she was gonna die
in the next minute.
- Would lacerate us.
- That was not my intention.
It was! Of course, it was!
Mom, would you do me a favor?
I've been waiting for that
for a long time.
Odair, do you have five minutes?
- I need your help.
- Sure.
How can I help?
Son, go to the ballroom, will you?
Wait for me there.
Just a cigarette, Pepe.
Do you know how to use this?
I never used a computer.
Let me see.
May I?
And if you want to research anything
you enter it here.
And then you type it in here.
There. Easy.
Lost Paradise.
You don't look like a cop.
Yeah, well...
but I am.
Very different from the ones in prison.
Oh?
They haven't told you?
I just got out of prison.
Well, they told me you were returning
from a trip.
Did your trip take long?
Long enough to not feel ashamed
of anything.
And how long was that?
Twenty years.
Do you need anything else?
I do.
Hi.
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
Look, I tried something in between.
I noticed.
What do you do?
I teach English.
You know,
there is a song I'm dying to sing,
because it is just like me, sort of--
- The name is "Your so Vain".
- "You're so Vain."
- "You are so vain."
- Correct.
So, I'd love to sing it.
Can you help me with the translation?
I understand just a few things, such as...
"You said that we made such a pretty pair,
and that you would never leave."
- Do you have it there?
- Yes, here.
You want the other one?
- Can you play it again, please?
- Sure.
Hi, Milene!
Eva sent me here. Give me a hug!
Thanks.
Eva asked me to tell you
that she misses you.
Who are you?
I'm a bouncer at the club
where her son works.
And why are you dressed like a cop?
That's my daytime job.
- How is Eva?
- Fine.
- She wants news about you.
- Does she talk about me?
She thinks about you all the time.
How do you know?
Because all she has in her mind
is getting you out of here.
She told me you are innocent.
How did you end up here?
Didn't Eva tell you?
Tulé kidnapped my mom and forced me
to smuggle for him.
You didn't tell that to the sheriff?
- No.
- Why?
I was afraid of what could happen
with her.
And how did you meet?
- I went after him.
- Why?
To ask for money.
I wanted to give my mom
a decent burial.
She was very sick.
Does your mom visit you often?
Never.
A worried man
Walking very worried
No one in front of me
Nothing by my side
A woman on my lap
And she drinks champagne
- Pale skin, assassin eyes
- Here.
- Thanks.
Eyes to the sky
With an old boy's look
I'm well dressed
Waiting for the last train
Standing
On a scaffold
With my neck in a noose
I have a second and a half
More or less
To figure out what to do
Crazy people
Weird times
I'm locked up
I cannot reach
- All good?
- I cared
But everything is changing
Careful with my cuticle.
It's very delicate.
I should be in Hollywood
For a second
CANCER CENTER OF SAO PAULO
I thought I saw something moving
Take dance lessons
Go to Candomblé
Face life as you can
Go wherever you want
Only a fool would think
That there is nothing to say
A lot of water under the bridge
Many other things too
Don't get up, gentleman
I'm just passing by
Crazy people
Weird times
I'm locked up
I cannot reach
I cared
But everything is changing
Mom.
Come with me back to life!
I can't. I'm sorry.
Teylor?
- Is it a stage name?
- Pseudonym.
It says here, you're a singer.
No previous experience as an actor.
I played in life.
Since I was kid.
How is that?
Played dead,
so I wouldn't get shot.
Laughed of wrong things,
Pretended to be a journalist,
so I wouldn't get shot.
Hey, cousin?
How is it with Pedro?
Well... Come in!
- Excuse me.
- Hi!
Odair!
I have gifts from my mom.
- She did them herself.
- Wow.
This is for you, Celeste.
- Thank you.
- This is for you, Imã.
Thank you so much, Odair.
Oh my, this crochet is gorgeous!
- That's it.
- Thank you.
- See you later.
- Later.
You walked into the party
Like you were walking
Onto a yacht
Your hat strategically dipped
Below one eye
Your scarf
It was apricot
You had one eye in the mirror
As you watched yourself gavotte
And all the girls dreamed
That they'd be your partner
They'd be your partner, and
You're so vain
You probably think
This song is about you
You're so vain
I'll bet you think
This song is about you
Don't you?
You had me several years ago
When I was still quite naive
You look great.
When you said
That we made such a pretty pair
And that you would never leave
But you gave away the things you loved
And one of them was me
I had some dreams
They were clouds in my coffee
Clouds in my coffee, and
You're so vain
You probably think
This song is about you
You're so vain
I'll bet you think
This song is about you
Don't you?
Kinsman, do you--
- Oh, sorry.
- No, that's fine, cousin.
- That's fine.
- He's cute.
Pedro, this is Celeste, my cousin.
Pedro translated
"You're So Vain" for me.
Oh, cool, it was really nice.
Thanks.
Imã, were you with Joca?
I helped to choose.
So, I sent him a message
saying that I was super touched
and that I loved it.
He replied with a happy emoji face.
- You didn't like his happy emoji?
- No, it's not that. It's just--
What does that mean?
Like "Oh, I'm glad you liked the gift,
but we are done."
The happy emoji means
he is happy, that's all.
What do you think, Pedro?
- What is the context?
- What?
You broke up?
How was the relationship?
Oh, it's...
Well, he cheated on me.
I was really hurt
and I made a scene so he would leave.
- Some 3D scene.
- Then he sent the baby shoes?
Yes, with this note: "Uncle Imã, love it."
I think he is a nice guy.
And that he loves you and will fight
to get you back.
- You really think?
- I do.
- Well, I gotta go.
- No, stay! I need to go.
No, I have a class to teach
in the morning.
Congrats, it was really special.
- Bye.
Why do you have that face?
Nothing.
I know you. Spill the beans.
You and Odair?
- Yes.
- I knew it!
So, that story with Milene won't--
Yes!
Shi-- Eva, Eva, Eva, Eva.
Don't worry.
I do worry.
You are nuts!
You are nuts.
I missed you.
I wasn't pretending,
I did miss you.
Your visit did me some good.
I even dreamed again.
That's good.
Is this the guy?
It is him.
You'll be out of here soon.
You want me out?
You will be out of here.
Tell Eva I miss her really badly?
I miss her kisses.
I dream of putting my mouth on hers.
I miss her scent, her body,
the way she touched me.
Will you tell her?
Excuse me.
Ângelo!
- Where were you?
- Where is Odair?
He was here, but left.
It seems he had an issue at home.
- Are you okay?
- I'm great.
Call him, please.
I'm worried.
I saw some dudes around the corner.
I'm worried, I didn't like it.
Very weird.
- Very weird.
- Voicemail.
Try his house, please.
I...
Deaf.
My son not here.
Keep trying his cellphone.
- I have to announce you.
- How come? Where's Imã?
Went to a baby clothes manufacturer
with Joca,
but they are stuck in traffic.
I don't know, some protests.
"I Don't Believe in Anything Anymore,"
Paulo Sérgio.
BODY AND SOUL
FREE
I don't know what to do
My life is an endless struggle
I feel like floating in space
All the time looking for myself
There are days in life
That we think
We're not gonna make it
That the best thing would be
To run away and escape
That in another world
Everything will be solved
I don't know what to do
If I go back now
Or continue my journey
I feel so tired
And I don't know
If it's worth insisting
There are days in life
That we think
We're not gonna make it
That the best thing would be
To run away and escape
That in another world
Everything will be solved
I don't believe in anything anymore
I got lost on the road
I no longer look for love
I just got used walking alone
All my life I stepped on thorns
I realized that my destiny
Is sorrow and pain
You won't pass!
It's been so long
since I last joined a protest.
- By the way--
- Yeah?
We're so screwed because we got late
thanks to that.
- Don't worry.
- I don't care, I had fun!
- Had fun with what?
- What is that?
Run, Imã! Go!
Pepe!
Stop! Not my dad! Get out!
Stop! Enough! Quit fighting!
Police!
Come on, come on!
On the wall!
On the wall! Get up!
Hands on the head!
- Busted.
- Hands on the head!
- Are you okay, dad?
- I'm fine, son.
- What kind of crap was that?
- Keep an eye on him, Teylor!
Well...
The patient had a head injury,
his left eye sunk in,
multiple fractures of the face bones.
He is being prepared for surgery.
Any serious damage to the brain,
doctor?
Apparently not. I think he will be fine.
What worries me now
is his left eye sight.
I'd like to thank you for what you've done
for all of us.
Yes, but I'm really sorry
for what happened to Imã and Joca.
It is not easy to take care
of this family.
We should hire some backup.
- I called your cellphone.
- I saw later.
And then I called your house.
Your mom is deaf, Odair?
Yes.
- But she speaks a little.
- Yes, but it is hard for her.
It's like walking in the dark.
She lost her hearing as an adult.
Degenerative disease.
Violence victim.
And why didn't you help her?
She was expecting me when it all happened.
And your dad?
He assaulted her.
If you excuse me.
Odair.
Sometimes I think that...
it was God who sent you our way.
I just hope he knows what he's doing.
Why "volcano," dad?
I don't know, maybe it has to do
with mythology.
Mythology?
Mythology is a bunch of fantastic stories,
with plenty of super heroes.
Like Wonder Woman,
Spider-Man, Batman.
When Volcano was born,
his dad tried to kill him.
But he survived.
Why did his dad try to kill him?
So, he could become the god of fire.
Forge the armor Achilles needed
to win the Trojan war.
The one with the horse.
That one.
A horse created by Odysseus
so they would win the war
and reunite the family.
- Did he win?
- He did.
It took a while, but he did win.
My flower
Do not hurt me
My pain
Do not abuse me like this
Don't give me grief
Take away all the grief from me
My love
Do not invade me with your eyes
Do not leave me here screaming
In the middle of the way
Alone
My love
Do not let it show
Any desire in your eyes
Of Forbidden
Forgotten Sins
Milene will leave prison tomorrow.
And tonight?
What will happen tonight?
To hush
The flimsiest sex
To turn it into poetry
From this love
From this desperado love
I'll go, I'll go
Go-oooo
Breathing
Grief from another pain
From our immoral affair
From this love
From this desperado love
I'll go...
Thank you, Eva.
Nobody ever did anything for me.
Now you have both of us.
What do you think about Odair?
Uppity.
Not in bed.
Odair?
Do you think it is possible
for someone to love two people?
At the same time?
Madly.
I don't think so, Imã.
I agree.
Is there anybody else besides Pedro?
I was talking about my mom!
Come back, my love
Stay with me
Do not despise me
The night is ours
And my love belongs to you
Tonight, I want peace
I want tenderness in our lives
I want to live for a lifetime
Thinking of you
Tonight, that the night is calm
And that my soul waited for you
You came at last
Torturing this being that adores you
Come back
Stay with me just one more night
I want to live with you
Tonight, I want peace
I want tenderness in our lives
I want to live for a lifetime
Thinking of you
Tonight, I want peace
I want tenderness in our lives
I want to live for a lifetime
Thinking of you
Let me ask you a question.
What did the doctor say
about the latest exams?
He said that my treatment had
excellent results.
It was like rewinding
the tape back to the start.
- Thank you, son.
- Why?
For supporting me on this fight.
For keeping the secret.
- Thank you for your friendship.
- You're thanking me?
Do you realize all the things
you have done for me?
Come, I have a gift.
A hot-dog for the cutest birthday girl
in the world.
Loads of sauce, please.
Be merciless.
- Relentless.
- Right!
- Happy birthday!
- Come on, everybody!
Hip hip hooray!
Hip hip hip!
Hooray! Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray! Hooray!
Friday, it's Friday
Tonight no one will find me
The battery on my cell is dead
Friday
It's Friday
I'll show up in the morning
Holding a new love
Friday, it's Friday
Tonight no one will find me
The battery on my cell is dead
Friday
It's Friday
I'll show up in the morning
Holding a new love
Why living like that?
Every day is Friday
Eva looks beautiful, don't you think?
Yeah, she's happy.
Like never before.
What do I have to do
to deserve that happiness?
Deserve?
She killed a man!
It was self-defense.
That's bullshit.
The cop was sleeping.
He was taking care of his little son.
Here it is, Odair.
I was able to find all the files
regarding your dad's murder.
Eva da Silva.
She was just 18
when she committed the crime.
And there is another thing, Odair?
This prisoner you helped out, this Milene.
She is innocent,
but a con artist.
Open your eyes.
Her mom was never kidnapped
because she never existed.
The little bastard grew up in a shelter.
She lived with that Tulé guy.
He dumped her and she threatened
to blow all his schemes--
José.
Hey, Odair!
What did you have in mind
when you attracted me to this place?
The same you have in mind now.
You never had any doubts things
might not happen as planned.
- Why?
- Because I didn't have a better choice.
Choice?
How deep do you think
you know the facts?
Do you know who killed my father, José?
When I was seven,
my mom was in the hospital,
in a coma.
I lived with my dad when he was murdered.
He was a police Captain.
I did not know that, son.
And do you know why
Eva killed your father?
- Imã's father?
- Grandpa?
Grandpa!
What's with the grumpy faces?
I'll be back later.
- No, no. Stay Imã.
- Okay, I'll be brief.
Grandpa, tonight I'll sing a song
and I'm very happy.
- It is in English.
- Why the novelty?
Oh, it's because I'm completely in love...
with that language.
It's a song from Kill Bill,
which I love.
- Kill Bill?
- That's right, Grandpa.
Have you seen that movie, Odair?
You have to see it, Odair.
It's the story of my life.
I have a bunch of copies.
I'll fetch one for you--
Grandpa?
- Are you sad?
- Grandpa?
Grandpa is sad, Kinswoman.
What is it, Grandpa?
Why so emotional?
Odair told me a sad story.
- What was it, Odair?
- What happened?
I'll have to go away for a while.
- To fix some family issues.
- For how long?
It's hard to tell.
You know you can count on us.
We'll be here for you.
He knows that, Celeste.
Take care, you two.
Ângelo?
What happened?
I wanted to say goodbye.
I'm leaving.
Why, Odair?
Does it have to do with Eva?
Well, it does and it doesn't.
- Do you want me to talk to her?
- No. You don't need to.
Talk to your dad.
He'll tell you everything.
I beg you to do that.
Okay, then.
Dad!
What is going on?
Odair.
Why did he leave?
Tell me, dad!
- Odair--
- Is Nadia's son.
Nadia's?
Your Nadia?
So...
He's Celeste's brother.
Oh, my God!
So, he is my--
He's nothing yours, sis.
He's nothing yours, honey.
Who's his dad?
He was murdered.
Twenty years ago.
By a woman.
Odair is son of the man you killed, sis.
And tonight, at our Christmas night,
our god singing "One Who Wants All,
Will Have Nothing."
One who wants all from love
Will have nothing
One who lives many dreams
Doesn't have a thing
In each of us there is
There should be room
For just one love
Who wandered a lot in life
Got tired
Behind me
Fate has disappeared
Who put his heart on the line
Ran after love their entire life
They lived
But never loved
Happiness is
The little, one has
Knowing how to love someone
Could you do me a favor?
Deliver that note
to the male singer's sister?
You go there and deliver it.
Please?
What's her name?
Don't worry.
You'll know when you see her.
Please.
One who wants all from love
Will have nothing
One who lives many dreams
Doesn't have a thing
In all of our hearts
There will be enough room
Only for another heart
Happiness is
The little, one has
Knowing how to love someone
One who wants all from love
Will have nothing
One who lives many dreams
Doesn't have a thing
In all of our hearts
There will be enough room
Only for another heart
I've been so tired
From the weight of my head
From the past and present
Ten years I lived
Between dreams and sounds
I've been so tired
Of not being able to speak
About these awkward things
That I bring in my chest
And that I love so much
I want a new ballad
Talking about babes
And things like that
About money and the moon
About you and me
Such a sentimental guy
I want a new ballad
Talking about babes
And things like that
About money and the moon
About you and me
Are you okay?
Such a sentimental guy
I want that 5 o'clock
Movie session
So I can kiss the girl
And then go home
With her presence
In the lipstick on my shirt
I want that 5 o'clock
Movie session
So I can kiss the gir--
And then go home--
With her presence
In the lipstick on my shirt
I've been so--
Show me the paid tab.
You gotta pay first.
No.
Pepe, leave her.
You may leave her alone.
She's with me.
...That I love so much
I want a new ballad
Talking about babes
And things like that
About money and the moon
About you and me
Such a sentimental guy
I want a new ballad
Talking about babes
And things like that
About money and the moon
About you and me
Such a sentimental guy
I want that 5 o'clock
Movie session
So I can kiss the girl
And then go home
With her presence
In the lipstick on my shirt
I want that 5 o'clock
Movie session
So I can kiss the girl
And then go home
With her presence
In the lipstick on my shirt
I want that 5 o'clock
Movie session
So I can kiss the girl
And then go home
With her presence
In the lipstick on my shirt
Subtitle translation by Malu Veiga
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org